Add SPE Expert amplifier support (1.3K-FA/1.5K-FA/2K-FA) (#4531)
aethersdr/AetherSDR: docs/architecture/spe-expert-amplifier-design.md

# SPE Expert Amplifier Support — Design Note

**Status:** Draft for maintainer review. A **peripheral accessory** in the
same sense as the ACOM S-series integration
(`docs/architecture/acom-600s-amplifier-design.md`) and the 4O3A
PGXL/TGXL/Antenna Genius family — `peripheral(spe)` in
`docs/architecture/aetherd-touchpoint-tags.json`. The SPE has no FlexRadio
awareness at all, so this is explicitly NOT a new `IRadioBackend` family.

**Scope:** A dedicated `SpeApplet` driven by `SpeConnection`, a peripheral
transport (serial or ser2net-style raw TCP, same bytes either way), plus a
Peripherals settings row. Status/telemetry decode with model identification,
Operate/Standby toggle, power-level cycle, TUNE, switch-off, and the
band/antenna/input keys. No menu navigation (arrows/SET/DISPLAY), no manual

> L/C ATU stepping, no CAT-configuration mirror, no remote power-ON — see §4.

Reviewer: **Blocker 3 (same cluster)** — Scope says "no remote power-ON — see §4" while §4 (:153) documents it in full as implemented, and "raw TCP" here contradicts §3's telnet.

This is more than tidiness: a reviewer reading the Scope line has no reason to look closely at the one feature that switches a 2 kW amplifier on. This doc should have surfaced blocker 4.

```suggestion
transport (serial, or a ser2net proxy in raw **or telnet** mode), plus a
Peripherals settings row. Status/telemetry decode with model identification,
Operate/Standby toggle, power-level cycle, TUNE, switch-off, the
band/antenna/input keys, and remote power-ON (§4). No menu navigation
(arrows/SET/DISPLAY), no manual L/C ATU stepping, no CAT-configuration mirror.
```

§8 (:227) also says the hardware validation ran "over ser2net raw TCP" where §3 and the PR description both say telnet — worth correcting in the same pass.
